Differentiation Features


Security

1. Sign Up Check 
In sign up process, the format of email, password, user id and user name are checked. The email should have correct format.
The password cannot be too similar to other personal information; must contain at least 8 characters; cannot be commonly used password;
cannot be entirely numeric. The user id should be integer and at least 1. The user name should be 150 character or fewer and only
contain digits and @,.,+,-,_.

2. Profile Edit Limit
Users can change their profile. The email address and user name of one user can be changed while the user id cannot be changed after created.
Only registered users can access profile page.

3. Package Track Mechanism
After registration in UPS, when users buy a package at Amazon, if they provide their UPS user id, they can see their packages on
their personal package pages in UPS website. If they do not provide their UPS user id, the packages would be treat as belonging to nobody,
and would not be shown on the personal package pages. Users can only find these package by ‘quick track’ function.

4. Destination Edit Limit
Only the package owner can edit the destination of the packages. Users cannot change the destination of others’ packages.
And users can only change the destination when the packages are not out for delivery.


Scalability

1. Multiple Thread
In the server program, there are four threads. One thread works for World; one thread works for Amazon; one thread checks the
ack for every message and realizes the resend function; one thread checks the status and current locations of non-idle trucks.
And in the World thread, the program would create new sub threads for every message received from world and process the message
independently; the same, in the Amazon thread, the program would create new sub threads for every message received Amazon.
This design makes the program easy to understand and also improves the ability for the server to handle multiple concurrent requests.

2. Database Support
We designed six tables in the database: users_customuser, package_package, truck, usend, arecv, wrecv. All the information about users,
packages and trucks are stored in the database. And the sequence numbers from Amazon and World are stored. When server receives new
message from Amazon or World, it would check the sequence numbers table to determine whether the message has been processed before.
And all the messages sent by UPS are stored in the usend table. The messages would be deleted when we receive the corresponding ACK;
otherwise, we will resend the messages after a period a time. We use database to store the messages instead of the memory. In this way,
we can handle a lot amount of stranded messages with good performance. 

3. Truck Selection 
When UPS need to select trucks. The program would choose the idle trucks firstly. If there is no idle trucks, the program would choose
the truck which has the ‘delivering’ status and with the least amount of packages on the truck. If there is no truck available (which has
low probability), the server would ignore the request and process it later. This selection mechanism guarantees the work efficiency
and functionality.


Functionality

1. Package ID Set
The ‘tracking number’ in UPS is set as the same as the ‘package id’ sent from the Amazon side. This setting guarantees the uniqueness
of ID and simplify the program.

2. Current Status Display
The status of package would be updated timely. This function is friendly for users.

3. Current Address Display
Based on the query function to world, the current status and current position of truck could be detected. The website would display the
current position of package after it leaves warehouse. 

4. Package Detail Display
The website would display the details of all packages, including the item names and corresponding amount. 

5. Email notification
When the package is delivered, the server would send email to users to notify them.

6. History List
If the users go to their personal package page, they can also see their previous packages information. 

7. Truck Number Set
The program can support any number of trucks. All the numbers of trucks could be handled.

8. Comment
After login, users can evaluate UPS services and make comments by licking the button on the right corner. Users can also see others comments.
In this way, the UPS company can get feedback from users to improve the service.

9. Docker
To make a convenient start of the project, we put both front end and back end of the project in docker, so that the project can be started
by a single command "docker-compose up".
